Pep440 compliance (#70)
codrsquad/setupmeta: HISTORY.rst

=============

2.9.1 (2021-03-22)
------------------

* This is relatively large change, it could have justified a major version bump,

>   but the previous addition was relatively minor. So going to hold off on bumping major yet.

Reviewer: > but the previous addition was relatively minor

I do not understand that - what "previous addition" is meant here?

Author: Version 2.9.0 was retiring the optional `classifiers.txt` file used to auto-fill `classifiers=` -> that is relatively minor I think (because not used, and provides a minimal added value)

Author: I was going to bump to 3.0.0 BTW, but tentatively holding off :) WDYT? Should I bump to 3.0.0?
(I was hoping to put in more versioning strategies in 3.0, like a "date based" one that would yield `CCYY-MM-DD`, similarly to https://pypi.org/project/regex/ for example)

Author: Rephrased it now, I think you're right: the initial phrasing was quite poor :)

>   If you find an issue, please pin to prev version, or ``<2.9`` and report_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you find an issue, please pin to the previous version, or ``<2.9`` and report_ it.
```

=============

2.9.1 (2021-03-22)
------------------

> * This is relatively large change, it could have justified a major version bump,

Reviewer 2: I feel like we should adhere to semantic versioning as strictly as possible. If this changes behaviour, we should bump the major version. There's no harm in incrementing numbers quickly; but it could be annoying if anyone is dependent on certain version schemes.

I would bump to 2.10.

Author: Sold, let's bump to 3.0... it's a big enough change, and major version numbers are not rare or anything :)
So no reason not to, plus it'll nicely mark the PEP-440 compliance.

Changed release notes to 3.0, and added more info (removed the old paragraph explaining why no major bump)
